pull request: this is the request that you sent to team or central server to accept on your new modifications that you do on their repo 
for example you make modification in angular framework and contribute on it and it's not allowd to be member in the team and put
your modifications directly.
you make fork on the team repo and put you modification and sent pull request and write the title and descriptaion of request
hint if there is any conflict in your files(modification) with that exist in the base repo, it will be appeared to you and this is one of the
reason to accept this pull request. when this pull request aceppted, it will show merged under the pull request.
you can delete the fork that you take it to make modification as you can take anohter fork in any time. when the pull request ended,
it will show as closed and don't appear as pull request, and the pull request will appear in the base repo as commit that inside it
the modification, and another commit that repo owner make merge to this modifications. who sent the pull request and it's accepted, he will
appear in the contributor in the base repo. when we modify the repo with pull request we can select to make this modification on the master
branch or make new branch. the company make the line of development(another branch) to add a new feature and send it, then delete this branch.
hint: every company have a pattern to write her branch name. when we make the another branch to pull request, this will be sent to master branch
firstly, like first phase(from to same github mail) to accept this modification to send it to master branch and then make another pull request 
to send it from master branch from github mail to another master branch in another github mail.

Alias: use the less words to express about a long command that you write it a lot to save time in writing this comand and abrreviate this
command. to use alias we write in the command line : git config --global alias.alias name command. global means make the alias globally on 
the command not the repo level. for example on the alias : git config --global alias.st status. we make (st) express about git status command
hint: show the alias name express what by using: git config --global alias.st
hint: the alias doesn't remove the origin command as this is alias. any command have space, we should put it in the single or double qoute
we can edit the alias by openning the edit